Link incidents update (#15872)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_5_8.md

#### Scripts
##### LinkIncidentsWithRetry

> - Updates the LinkIncidentWithRetry to use Docker Python 3
> - Updates the LinkIncidentWithRety with up to date Python code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.7.24076*.
- Updated the **LinkIncidentWithRety** script with up to date Python code.
```
